Add documentation for new DevRev actions destination (#5171)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/devrev/index.md

---
# The end name should be similar to `Slack  Destination`

> title: DevRev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: DevRev (Actions) Destination
```

hide-boilerplate: true

> hide-dossier: true

Reviewer: The `id` is the unique identifier assigned by the [Public API ](https://docs.segmentapis.com/) - adding to the frontmatter of the docs allows us to generate some of the {% include %} values.

```suggestion
hide-dossier: true
id: 649adeaa719bd3f55fe81bef
```

---

<!-- This template is meant for Actions-based destinations that do not have an existing Classic or non-Actions-based version. For Actions Destinations that are a new version of a classic destination, see the doc-template-update.md template. -->

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

<!-- Include a brief description of the destination here, along with a link to your website. -->

> DevRev is a business software company that brings developers (dev) and customers (rev) together in the era of product-led growth. We are building an API-first dev-centric CRM that leverages data, design, and machine intelligence to empower devs to build, support, and grow their revs. Learn more at [devrev.ai](https://devrev.ai), Twitter [@devrevinc](https://twitter.com/devrevinc) and [Medium](https://medium.com/devrev)

Reviewer: The `{:target="_blank”}` attribute just opens the link in a new tab!

```suggestion
DevRev is a business software company that brings developers (dev) and customers (rev) together in the era of product-led growth. We are building an API-first dev-centric CRM that uses data, design, and machine intelligence to empower devs to build, support, and grow their revs. Learn more at [devrev.ai](https://devrev.ai){:target="_blank”}, Twitter [@devrevinc](https://twitter.com/devrevinc){:target="_blank”} and [Medium](https://medium.com/devrev){:target="_blank”}.
```

> The DevRev destination utilizes Segment's action framework to take action in your DevOrg when particular events or activity is sent from enabled Segment Sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DevRev destination uses Segment's action framework to take action in your DevOrg when particular events or activity is sent from enabled Segment Sources.
```

<!-- In the section below, explain the value of this actions-based destination. If you don't have a classic version of the destination, remove this section. -->

## Use Cases of the DevRev Destination (Actions)

> With this destination, you can have website or external events trigger action within DevRev for instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this destination, website or external events can trigger action within DevRev.

For example:
```

- When a user requests a demo, create work (ticket or issue) with the details
- When a user fills out a form, create a RevUser (lead) object
- Track user events within DevRev
<!-- The section below explains how to enable and configure the destination. Include any configuration steps not captured below. For example, obtaining an API key from your platform and any configuration steps required to connect to the destination. -->

## Getting started

> 1. From the Segment web app, click **Catalog**, then click **Destinations**.

Reviewer: I think you could put the "generate an API key" step first: it would make for an uninterrupted user flow if a user already had a key and could just input it into the settings for your destination.

```suggestion
1.  Generate an API key from the [DevRev app](https://app.devrev.ai/). Be sure you're in the DevOrg you want the events sent to and then go to Settings (the gear in the top left) > Account > New Token. Copy this API key, as you'll need it when setting up your DevRev (Actions) destination in Segment. 
2. Open the Segment web app, click **Catalog**, then click **Destinations**.
```

> 2. Search for DevRev (Actions) and click it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Search for DevRev (Actions) and click it.
```

3. Click **Configure DevRev**.
4. Select an existing Source to connect to DevRev (Actions).
5. Give it a name and choose how to configure the destination

> 6. You can generate an API key from the [DevRev app](https://app.devrev.ai/). Be sure you're in the DevOrg you want the events sent to and then go to Settings (the gear in the top left) -> Account -> New Token

Reviewer: I'd add this step to the top of this list!
```suggestion
```

> 7. The email blacklist is the a comma separated list of domains that you want the integration to consisder personal (vs business) email addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. The email blacklist is a comma separated list of domains that you want the integration to consider personal (vs business) email addresses.
```

> ### Accounts, Domains, Emails, and the blacklist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Accounts, domains, emails, and the blacklist
```

> By default, the `createRevUser` function will create a new RevUser (Contact) object in DevRev. This contact will be assoicated with an Account as well, based on the following rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `createRevUser` function will create a new RevUser (Contact) object in DevRev. This contact will be associated with an Account as well, based on the following rules:
```
